DOCS-3602 Update SMART Test Article (#1349)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/RunningSMARTTests.md

Avoid scheduling disk-intensive tests at the same time!
For example, S.M.A.R.T. tests should not be scheduled on the same day as a disk [scrub]({{< relref "CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/CreatingScrubTasks.md" >}}) or [resilver]({{< relref "CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/UsingResilverPriority.md" >}}).

{{< expand "How do I check or change S.M.A.R.T. testing for a disk?" "v" >}}
Go to **Storage > Disks** and click <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Expand">chevron_right</i> to expand an entry.
*Enable S.M.A.R.T.* shows as *true* or *false*.

To enable or disable testing, click **EDIT DISK(S)** and find the *Enable S.M.A.R.T.* option.
{{< /expand >}}

## Manual S.M.A.R.T. Tests

To quickly test a disk for errors, go to **Storage > Disks** and select the disks to be tested.
After selecting the desired disks, click **MANUAL TEST**.

![StorageDisksManualTest Options](/images/CORE/12.0/StorageDisksManualTestOptions.png "Manual Test Options")

Next, select the test **Type**.
Each test type can be slightly different based on the drive connection, ATA or SCSI:

### ATA Connection

> * *Long* - runs SMART Extended Self Test. This will scan the entire disk surface and can take many hours on large-volume disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Long* - runs SMART Extended Self Test. This scans the entire disk surface and can take many hours on large-volume disks.
```
